# Examples
This directory contains some examples of code that uses the SDK to connect to the Alpaca API data stream. The project is set up as a .NET Core console app, so if you'd like to test any of the scripts out, you can change the class that Program.cs points to and run it to see how they behave. Please note that you will need to replace the `API_KEY` and `API_SECRET` parameters at the top of the file with your own information from the [Alpaca dashboard](https://app.alpaca.markets/). Please also note that the performance of these scripts in a real trading environment is not guaranteed. While they are written with the goal of showing realistic uses of the SDK, there is no guarantee that the strategies they outline are a good fit for your own brokerage account.

## Mean Reversion
The mean reversion example is a day trading algorithm that comes in three flavors: paper-only, regular, and power. These distinctions refer to the Alpaca account which will be using the algorithm. A paper-only Alpaca account - one that does not have an attached, funded brokerage account - will not have access to the premium Alpaca data feed that is provided with the creation of a brokerage account. The paper-only version of the algorithm, therefore, relies on the REST API to determine current prices. The regular and power versions of the algorithm improve on this by instead listening to the Alpaca data stream, reducing the latency somewhat versus sending a REST call. The power version of the script goes another step further and shorts when it thinks the price will drop. Not all Alpaca accounts can short securities yet, though. Please see [this page](https://docs.alpaca.markets/margin-and-shorting/) for more information about upgrading to an account with access to shorting and margin.
